docs(compat/flatMap): add default iteratee value across all languages (#1850)
toss/es-toolkit: docs/compat/reference/array/flatMap.md

#### Parameters

- `collection` (`object | null | undefined`): The collection to iterate over. Can be an array, object, or string.

> - `iteratee` (`ListIterator | ObjectIterator | string | object`, optional): The iteratee to apply to each element. Can be a function, property name, or partial object. Default is `identity`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `iteratee` (`ListIterator | ObjectIterator | string | object`, optional): The iteratee to apply to each element. Can be a function, property name, or partial object. Defaults to `identity`.
```

Author: oops .. Thank you 🙏
